#1
Date: Jan 26th
Start Time: 3:30 PM
End Time: 5:00 PM
Location: Spink 372
People present: Tushita, ChrisMR, ChrisJ, Dylan, Ryan, Jeremy, Kristof
Purpose: Go over testing tools, explain end-to-end testing, decide on approach to UI testing
Summary: Need to ask Osgood if testing is done in another branch, find a new mocking framework because Angular-Mock probably doesn't work with Angular2 (do we need one?), need to research how to test on iOS and Android.

#2
Date: February 9th
Start Time: 2:30 PM
End Time: 3:30 PM
Location: Spinks 372
People present: ChrisJ, ChrisMR, Ryan, Tushita, Jeremy
Purpose: To discuss the use of Protractor: how to write javascript files, how the configuration file works, how to locate elements by ID and by button text, issues currently experienced with protractor.
Summary: Ryan and ChrisJ will practice the tools shown in todays meeting, before writing actual end-to-end tests for ID 2. Jeremy will continue to try to sort out the issues with protractor's sendKeys() function and locating tabs in our application, as well as work on Karma and unit tests. ChrisMR will get test tools running on TravisCI for smoke tests.

#3
Date: February 16th
Start Time: 2:30 PM
End Time: 5:30 PM
Location: Spinks 371
People present: ChrisJ, Ryan, Jeremy
Purpose: To manually test, write E2E tests, update test matrix, update defect report, update UI flow diagrams, write use cases at a low level and relate them to the flow diagrams for ID2.
Summary: All test team members manually tested ID2. Ryan and ChrisJ worked on E2E tests. Ryan wrote a test specifically for the "Register" page, while ChrisJ wrote one for the "My Listings" page. Jeremy wrote a short "test", which simply filled out the user settings form. Low level use cases were described for the tests created, and will be related to the flow diagrams. A new format for the test matrix was discussed, and will be created. Jeremy updated the UI flow diagrams to better reflect the current state of the project, and the newly created requirements.

#4
Date: March 2nd
Start Time: 2:30 PM
End Time: 4:30 PM
Location: Spinks 372
People present: ChrisJ, Ryan, Jeremy, Dylan
Purpose: Assign tasks to all testers, set up Android testing environments, bug fixes and explanations with Dylan, get debug console for Android testing.
Summary: All test team members will be working on their respective tasks during the weekend, and will send their work and documentation to Jeremy. Jeremy will review everything, and send all finalized documentation to Arianne on Sunday afternoon. Meeting was made shorter than usual due to commitments in other classes and ChrisJ's illness. Dylan came to the meeting to explain Android testing, the debug console, and certain bugs/do bug fixing for some of the bugs we had found prior to the meeting.
