#1
Date: Feb 4, 2017
Start Time: 2:00 PM
End Time: 3:38 PM
Location: spinks open lab
People present: ChrisMR, Dylan, Tushita Patel
Summary: 
1.	The Dev lead showed us the flow of the GUI
2.	A few quick to be done suggestions (multiple suggestion for province in filter) were made and implemented.
3.	A few quick to be done suggestions (changing the place holders to labels on the register screen) were made and implemented.
4.	Found bug: Null pointer exception in Settings page. Quickly fixed.
5.	Missing: 
a)	Sign-in needs to save user session on the phone.
b)	Add province to sign-up screen.
c)	Some kind of indication to suggest you can swipe a listing to edit/delete.
d)	On favourites screen, change from delete to something else.	
e)  For “My listings”, no image upload feature yet.
6.	Added more fake listings.
7.	Merged ID 1 to Development.

Build: 
1.	Smoke tests are not yet implemented because the Test lead is busy with work of more priority. 
2.	The deployment is expected to be done by Sunday evening.
3.	Building and simulating android, iOS and browser, but browser is being built on a linux OS. 
4.	Have build logs going to slack in build logs channel.
5.	Travis stores build logs on Amazon S3. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#2
Date: Feb 17, 2017
Start Time: 1:30 p.m.
End Time: 2:30 p.m.
Location: Spinks 320
People present: Tushita Patel (PL), Kristof Mercier and Dylan Prefontaine (Dev Leads), Jeremy Liau (Test Lead) and Chris Mykota Reid (Build Manager)
Summary:
The summary for each of front-end, back-end, testing, and build is provided below.
1. Front-end:
Unable to meet the requirements because of the dependence on Backend doc, which could not be finished on time. This was a risk that we had identified. In lieu of this task, the front-end developers worked on the following tasks:
-	Added province to register screen.
-	Research on saving information to the device. As a part of the research, built a spike prototype
-	Other minor changes: 
o	change tabs, 
o	set additional goals for ID3 – (backend-frontend) and (backend-backend).
-	Integrated sign-up, sign-in and add-listing with the backend.

2. Back-end: 
The following tasks were finished:
-	Data structures, 
-	Unit testing setup,
-	Unit tested, 
-	WebApp interface, 
-	Implemented sign-in, sign-up, add-listing 
-	3 API calls implemented and tested and documented, and
-	8 more documented but not implemented
-	Finished API, Style and Unit Test documentation
The following tasks were not finished for ID 2:
-	Implement the 8 API calls mentioned above
-	Addition of more API calls

3. Testing:
The following tests were done for ID 2:
-	Manual testing, 
-	Test matrix update, 
-	Update path coverage diagrams, 
-	Testing plan documentation, 
-	End-to-end testing, 
-	Critical use cases, 
-	Testing results and defect report

Unit testing could not be carried out because Karma (unit test runner) is not yet set up. However, the developers built a separate way of unit testing to get around having to deal with Karma. 

4. Build
The server build was fully implemented and is currently running.
The smoke test is still in the early processes of being implemented, although we expect it to be finished by the end of this weekend (Feb 19), or definitely by mid-ID3 (Feb 24).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#3
Date: Saturday, March 4th /17
Start Time: 1:35pm
End Time: 
Location: Spinks360

Members Present: Tushita Patel (Project Lead), Kristof Mercier and Dylan Prefontaine (Dev leads), Jeremy Liau (Test Lead), Chris Mykota-Reid (Build Manager)


Summary:

1)	Front-end:
The application was redesigned after requirements changes – changes are shown using images from our new UI in section 1.1 Front-end Requirements. Some changes, such as integration with Google Maps, Detail Page, and certain features of Browse, will be carried over to ID4. 


2)	Back-end
The following tasks were completed for ID3:
-	Implemented eleven out of sixteen API calls, two of which have been tested. For the tested API calls we have achieved an average of 82.9% line coverage in our unit tests. 

The following tasks were not completed for ID3:
-	Delete Listings *NEW*
-	Sign in / Sign up with Facebook
-	Confirm email
-	Logout *NEW*
-	Contact seller *NEW*


3)	Testing
The following test related tasks were completed for ID3:
-	Manual testing in Browser and Android
-	Use cases
-	Updated test matrix
-	Updated path coverage diagrams
-	End-to-end tests
-	Testing Documentation
-	Implemented Smoke Tests
-	Updated defect report – with android, browser test, bugs found in bug party
       
The following test related tasks were completed for ID3:
o	Some bugs have not been fixed – Test and Dev Teams will work together to fix all remaining bugs as quickly as possible.


4)	Build
The following build related tasks were completed for ID3:
-	Smoke tests are passing on the front-end in the Firefox web browser
-	Smoke tests are passing on the back-end 
-	Multi stage development is working

The following build related tasks were not completed for ID3:
-	GitHub releases
-	Smoke tests for iOS and Android 
-	Browser smoke tests for Chrome 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#4

Date: Friday, March 17th /17
Start Time: 1:30pm
End Time: 1:25pm
Location: Spinks320

Members Present: Tushita Patel (Project Lead), Kristof Mercier (Dev lead), Jeremy Liau (Test Lead), Chris Mykota-Reid (Build Manager)


Summary:

Development:
All of the tasks in the trello card are implemented except for:
1.	No Google maps integrations with front-end and back-end – although it is setup for database
2.	No viewer->owner messaging on front-end, but API implemented on backend
3.	Don’t have “forgot password” feature implemented in back-end and front-end.
Because we have decided to do a feature freeze for ID5, the team has decided to abandon these requirements. There requirements will not be delivered to the client. 
Testing:
1.	All tests are going to be performed. 
2.	The testing team also finalized plans for acceptance testing and hallway testing. 

Bugs / Defects:

All bugs with high priority are going to be aimed to be fixed by the end of ID4 (Sunday, March 19, 2017).
All bugs with medium priority will be aimed to be fixed before the Bug Party on Wednesday, March 22, 2017.
All bugs with low priority will be postponed to be fixed in the next two weeks.

Format:
#	STI	
       Decision	
       Severity	
       Priority
       
1.	Bathroom filter stops functionality of the other filters.
	This STI is probably appearing because of lack of testing in the back-end. It is not too important, but might be tricky to fix.         This bug should be postponed for latter ID5.	
    Low	
    Low
2.	Liking and disliking while not signed in returns a runtime error on details page.	Although this is an important fix, it is             estimated that this fix would take a long time to be fixed. It is best to postpone this fix.	
    High	
    Low
3.	Liking and disliking a listing when you are not signed in and swiping on it should reset it to the default position.	
    This is a front-end bug and could be easily fixed. It is a commonly occurring bug for most users and should be considered a priority     bug for acceptance.	
    High	
    High
4.	Save and the sign-out button on the My Profile page while signed-in are not working.	
    Although of high importance, this STI could be postponed to early next week because there are other potential bugs that should be   fixed first.	
    High	
    Medium
5.	Facebook is not implemented on the front-end.	This issue might not be too tricky to fix, although it is important to the client.  We should consider this of medium priority.	
    Low	
    Medium
6.	Browse page doesn’t add more listings to the cycle when you liked/dislike a listing – when signed in	
This is an important issue because it is a major feature and should be fixed as soon as possible.  	
    High	
    High
7.	No refresh after every sign in.
	Might be an easy fix. Not an important issue and shouldn’t require to be fixed right away.	
    Low	
    Low
8.	Disliking on the browse page still moves the listing to favourites.

	Might be an easy fix. Although severe, it is of lower priority as compared to other STIs.  	High	Medium
9.	Add lisitng -can’t publish listings right now.  
	Might be the same problem as postal code. Quite severe. Should be fixed as soon as possible.	
    High	
    High
       
10.	Should have a pop-up saying an image is required when publishing listing without at least one image. Currently not displayed. 
	Might be an easy fix. Not too sever either.	
       Low	
       Low
11.	Should add the edit buttons when we have My Listings page/ Favourites page.	Swiping left to get options to delete/edit a listing is not intuitive. This is a potential design change. Not at all a priority right now.	
    Low	
    Low
12.	“Missing Postal code” even when it’s there.
	Fixing of this STI depends on 9. In fact, this might be the same bug as 9. Depending on when 9 gets fixed, this bug shall be tracked after 9 is fixed.	
       Low	
       Unknown
13.	Cannot remove listings from your favourites list. Reappears. 	
       Might be the same bug as 8. 	
       High	
       Medium
14.	When registering a user on android, the text fields will scroll all the way up. 
	This bug was identified at the end of ID3. It could not be fixed yet, but the team should prioritize on fixing this soon.                Although of high severity, this bug is not expected to be fixed by the end of ID4. 	
       High	
       Medium


Build:
1.	Troubleshooted issues – regressions that came up. 
2.	Added test servers to the implementation
3.	Reset the test servers before front-end end-to-end smoke tests are run. 
4.	Shared knowledge with Gaurav during PP sessions. 
5.	Chrome smoke tests removed, which had to be removed because of increasing complexity and bugs.
6.	Added installation of jasmine spec reporter to the build. 
7.	Added if-statements to the build to make less manual modifications for the release. 
8.	Still looking into Style Checking, automated github releases. 
9.	Paths to the modules need to be updated.

